docs: :building_construction: explain using `check-datapackage` (#103)
seedcase-project/seedcase-flower: docs/design/interface/python.qmd

This page focuses on the Python design and decisions made to avoid too
much overlap with the content of the CLI design page.

Both the `build()` and `view()` functions read in the `datapackage.json`
file through the `read_properties()` function from [Sprout](https://sprout.seedcase-project.org)

> , which returns a `PackageProperties` object. This is a Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file through the `read_properties()` function from [Sprout](https://sprout.seedcase-project.org),
which returns a `PackageProperties` object. This is a Python
```

This page focuses on the Python design and decisions made to avoid too
much overlap with the content of the CLI design page.

> Both `build()` and `view()` functions read in the `datapackage.json`

Reviewer: Ideally, this wouldn't be described here but in Sprout - or the potentially separate read package.

file through the `read_properties()` function from the `seedcase_sprout`

> package, which returns a `PackageProperties` object. This is a Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file through the `read_properties()` function from [Sprout](https://sprout.seedcase-project.org)
, which returns a `PackageProperties` object. This is a Python
```

    uri:::input --> resolve_uri{{"resolve_uri()"}} --> path
    path --> load_config{{"load_config()"}} --> Config
    style_cfg[style]:::input --> load_config
    path --> read_properties{{"read_properties()"}} --> properties

>     properties & Config --> build_sections{{"build_sections()"}} --> output["list[BuiltSection]"]

Reviewer: Just to be clear: So, the properties and config are expected to be in the same location?

Author: The default, yes.
